# 01-01

1　brush 
Dentists recommend that people (should) brush their teeth after every meal.

2　wash / clean one's face　
Soon after I get up, I brush my teeth and clean my face.

3　shave
Mr. Harry shaves every morning.
For some strange reason, Jason decided to shave his head.

4　comb 
You should comb your hair on a daily basis.

5　wear 
Some little girls like to wear their hair in two pigtails.
David now wears a beard.

6　make-up 
Susan didn't wear any make-up, but she still looked beautiful.

7　bath 
You smell! Go and take a bath immediately.
The loving mother gently bathes her baby every night.

8　shower
After exercising, there is nothing more wonderful than taking a hot shower.

9　scrub 
Jerri scrubbed her face until it was clean.
I need to scrub off the top layer of dead skin.

10　go to bed　
= hit the sack
= turn in
When did you go to bed last night?

11　get / go to sleep　
I couldn't get to sleep last night because of the noise.

12　sleepy 
= drowsy 
It is natural to yawn when one feels sleepy or bored.

13　asleep 
Henry fell asleep on the comfortable sofa.
Annie spened the door gently so as not to disturb her roommates, who were fast asleep.

14　oversleep 
I should have met Jane at 9:30 AM, but I overslept and broke my promise.

15　stay up　
= burn the midnight oil
Eric advised his daughter not to stay up watching TV.

16　all-nighter 
= burn the midnight oil
Jack pulled an all-nighter before the exam.

17　sleepless 
What Kevin said to me left me sleepless last night.

18　toss and turn　
Kathy tossed and turned all night because of a bad headache.

19　snore 
An old man fell asleep on the bench and began to snore very loudly.

20　wake = wake up
I sometimes wake up at four in the morning.
= I sometimes awake at four in the morning.

21　get up　
I get up at seven every morning.

22　chop 
Anna wiped away her tears and continued to chop the onions.
Mom chopped off the ends of the carrots before dicing them for the salad.

23　slice 
I bought a kitchen utensil that helps me slice vegetables faster.
Tom helped me cut the tomatoes into slices.

24　fry 
My mother is toasting bread and frying eggs for breakfast.
Fried chicken is my favorite food.

25　stir-fry 
It is advisable to add some ginger when you stir-fry the chicken.
I would like to have a vegetable stir-fry for dinner.

26　steam 
Ivy prefers to steam carrots rather than boil them.
Don't touch the kettle; it is steaming hot.

27　shell 
My mother always shells peanuts before stewing them in gravy.

28　whisk 
Whisk the egg whites lightly until they get light and fluffy.

29　overcook 
My steak is overcooked and tastes awful.

30　mess 
Keep the room clean and tidy. Do not make a mess of it.
Your room is always messy.
= Your room is always (in) a mess.

31　mop 
After doing the laundry, my mother went on to mop the floor.

32　sweep 
Sweep the floor before mopping it.

33　vacuum 
I will vacuum the living room before the guests arrive.

34　dust 
John dusted the ash from his shirt and then walked into his office.

35　wash the dishes　
= do the dishes
Tracy made her husband wash the dishes.

36　garbage 
= trash 
= rubbish 
We take turns taking out the garbage every Wednesday.

37　errand 
Mike ran an errand for his mother.

38　laundry 
It takes Lucy an hour or so to do the laundry every week.

39　sort 
We sorted the shirts from the shorts.
The students sorted the books into piles.

40　dissolve 
Dissolve the tablets in cold water before you take them.

41　rinse 
It is best to rinse your face with cold water after washing it.
I gave the pants a rinse.

42　iron 
I'll need to iron that shirt before I can wear it.

43　hang 
Have you hung the washing out?

44　garment 
Nick bought a lot of garments.
= Nick bought a lot of clothes.
= Nick bought a lot of clothing.



