# 02-01

part 1 chapter2.

1.come from.

I come from Shanghai.

2.Born.

George was born into a poor family.

3.Grow.

I loved growing up in a huge family.

4.raise.

Mary was raised on a small farm in the country.

Mary was brought up on a small farm in the countryside.

5.live.

Marcus no longer lives here — he has moved to San Francisco.

They lived a happy life in the small town.

They led a happy life in the small town.

6.Age.

John went to college at the age of 15.

John went to college when he was 15 years old.

7.introduce.

Tom, let me introduce you to my wife.

8.Attend.

Where do you attend school?

9.Dependent.

John is now 30, but he is still dependent on his parents.

Adam has been independent of his parents since he was eighteen.

10.Zodiac.

What sign of the zodiac were you born under?

11.Native.

My native tongue is Chinese.

My father is a native of New York.

12.liking.

I have liking for swimming.

Rock music has never been to my liking, nor has classical music.

13.hobby.

Gardening is hobby enjoyed by many elderly people.

14.favor.

Thomas favors studying at night rather than during the day.

Rock music is my favorite.

John’s favorite pet is a beautiful cat.

15.preference.

I have a preference for fried chicken.

I prefer to stay at home rather than go out.

I prefer staying at home to going out.

16.fan.

Wendy is a big fan of Michael Jackson.

17.kill time.

I often kill time by going to the movies.

18.outdoor.

I enjoy many outdoor activities, including jogging and swimming.

Tennis can be played either outdoors or indoors.

19.participate.

Mary participate in the speech contest and finished in third place.

20.acquire.

To acquire more knowledge, you have to read extensively.

21.cultivate.

Ken cultivated his hobby of gardening and eventually turned it into a career.

22.be skilled in,be good at.

Tom is skiiled in physics but poor at math.

23.capable.

Amy is capable of handling the problems alone.

Amy is able to handle the problems alone.

24.major.

Bill is planning to major in history and minor in English literature.

25.specialize.

Mike specializes in designing web pages for companies around the world.

26.knowledge.

John has a good knowledge of Chinese history.

I respect David because he is knowledgeable.

27.amateur.

Phill is an amateur golfer. Tiger Woods, however, is a professional.

28.know a thing or two about...

My uncle grew up on a farm, so he knows a thing or two about raising cattle.

29.have sth up one's sleeve, keep sth up one's sleeve.

Actually Jamie has a few ideas up his sleeve.

30.habit

Tom has made a habit of getting up early in the morning since last year.

Dean decided to kick his smoking habit.

31.accustom.

I believe that, over time, you can accustom youself to country life.

The young man is accustomed to getting up at 5:00 in the morning.

32.routine.

In our daily routine, we are likely to get to bored from time to time.

Doing the dishes is my routine evening chore.

33.regular.

I visit my grandparents regularly.

I visit my grandparents on a regular basis.

34.
